Mr. Koyama,
you are being charged with fraud.
Detective,
I swear I didn't deceive anyone.
You know that yakuza
aren't allowed to stay at hotels, right?
You booked a hotel room
under your name for Kiyoshi Kyogoku,
the underboss of Fushimi-gumi.
We even have evidence,
thanks to the hotel security camera
catching it on tape.
This is a clear case of fraud.
Oh, you're remaining silent.
I bet Attorney Kujo told you to do that.
The police usually have all the evidence.
But to prove that you intended
to let Mr. Kyogoku stay there,
they'll need you to confess.
If you remain silent,
the chances of prosecution are low.
If you stay silent for 20 days,
you'll be cut loose.
You know Tonohata, the driver working
for the escort service, right?
He was kidnapped by someone
and had his dick burned off
with a stun gun.
He thinks that the business owner,
Kuga, punished him
for laying hands on one of the escorts.
And out of spite,
he set Kuga's car on fire.
Detective, what are you talking about?
But I'm thinking
that you requested Kyogoku
to assault Tonohata.
Huh? Why would I do that?
Because you had a grudge towards Tonohata
for ruining your popular porn star
Shizuku Pien.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Then how about this?
Manami Ogawa.
Did you forget?
She was the victim who was killed
by a minor ten years ago.
She posted on social media
that she was dating you.
I heard you were running something
similar to a pimp business back then.
You were hooking up washed-up celebrities
with rich CEOs, right?
Word is, some of the girls were minors.
You were making elementary
and middle school girls work
as prostitutes, huh?
You scumbag.
I heard there were politicians
and bureaucrats on your client list.
You were afraid Manami Ogawa
was going to expose you,
so you used Kyogoku to kill her
and shut her up, didn't you?
The police are experts
at making up stories.
You could become a writer
after you retire.
I feel bad for Manami Ogawa.
But the culprit's been arrested,
and the case is solved.
Why are you digging this up now?
It's not over.
Nothing about this case has been solved.
Oh, I see.
Now I get it. It makes sense.
Come to think of it,
Manami said she changed the bathwater
after her father used it
because it grossed her out.
Fathers of women
who are grossed out by them
are usually the type
who don't listen to their daughters.
And they don't get along with their wives.
Hearing their mothers badmouth
their fathers makes daughters hate them.
Koyama, you have a daughter, right?
Are you talking about your own family?
If you make a living
exploiting women like that,
your daughter will hate you.
Are you discriminating
against my profession?
There are a lot of women in my industry
who have problems.
I listen to those who are sad,
grieving, suffering, and troubled.
So I consider it my job
to listen to women.
I have a very good relationship
with my daughter and wife.
-Fukami, take him away.
-Yes.
Mr. Arashiyama.
You're obsessed with catching criminals,
but I guess you were inattentive
to your daughter.
Manami was one of those women
who you detectives usually deal with.
She loved money and men
and made a living by selling her body.
She was a dirty woman.
Attorney Kujo, I'm totally shocked.
I'm super surprised.
What?
Detective Arashiyama turned out
to be my ex-girlfriend's father.
They don't look alike at all.
Is that so?
The mystery of why
he's been so obsessed with arresting me,
but not Mr. Kyogoku, is solved.
His daughter was assaulted and killed,
and he resents me for that.
I couldn't care less.
I'm losing 20 precious days of my life
because a police officer
is abusing his power.
Her father's a pain in the ass,
but honestly, his daughter
was also clingy and a pain.
I got Manami pregnant.
I made her get an abortion immediately.
After that,
she became over-the-top clingy.
She's still a pain, even after she died.
I don't like the way you talk.
Regardless,
I'll do my job properly.
Thank you so much, Attorney Kujo.
You saved me.
I'm back.
Welcome back, Attorney Karasuma.
If you let out a big sigh like that,
happiness will run away.
You're absolutely right.
You seem tired.
I look tired, don't I?
Then, for a change,
I'll be the one to make you coffee.
I'd appreciate that.
I got these beans from my mom.
Is this okay?
It's a gift from your mother.
I don't have a grinder at home,
so I thought I'd borrow yours.
Then be my guest.
Apparently, it's a blend my dad liked.
I was a kid, so I never drank it.
So I wanted to know what it tastes like.
You always make me coffee,
so I just copied you.
I hope it tastes good.
Thank you very much.
It has a gentle taste.
The rooftop feels nice.
It does.
You've finally got
your usual look back again.
What look?
When you returned
from visiting Mr. Koyama,
you looked terrifying.
You should know better than anyone
what will happen
if you continue to defend him.
Yes, this is Kujo.
Daddy, are you doing well?
Rino?
Mommy bought me a cell phone.
That's great.
Are you doing well, Rino?
Yeah, I'm good.
Good luck with work. See you.
Your daughter is six, right?
Yes.
Then it must be a kid's cell phone
for security reasons.
Yes, probably.
What about it?
With kid's cell phones, they can only call
numbers registered by their parents.
So that means your ex-wife
registered your number.
NEW CONTACT
RINO
Maybe you'll get to see her one day.
Koyama said
Manami was a dirty woman.
Koyashan said that?
I couldn't say anything back to that scum.
I'm pathetic.
I can't believe my daughter
was being used by that scum.
Young girls are easily swayed
by overly confident scum.
They're easily fooled by people
who know how to present themselves.
Even though it's an empty compliment
from scum, they still want it.
Is that how it is?
I realized that I really don't know
anything about Manami.
You really don't know anything
about Manami?
No. What her favorite food was,
what she enjoyed doing…
I don't know anything.
She liked KARA.
Kara? Like an eggshell?
No. The K-pop group
that was popular back then.
I was a Girls' Generation fan.
We used to sing karaoke all night long.
She sings?
Yeah.
She sang really well,
especially Hikaru Utada's songs.
Manami would cry while singing.
I can still picture it clearly.
She was so thoughtful.
And she was cute.
You two really are father and daughter.
What?
Manami would put a lot
of seven-flavor chili powder on her udon,
with a soft-boiled egg
and mixed tempura too.
Miho.
I appreciate that you remember Manami.
Thank you.
Daddy, I want this.
Hmm?
This? Where did you get this?
Over there.
Then let's ask Mommy if we can buy it.
Daddy, I want this.
No, Manami.
No, I want it.
Cut it out already.
I'm sorry.
Manami.
ORGANIZED CRIME DIVISION
-Sir, do you have a moment?
-What is it?
I asked Tonohata again if he recalled
anything about the day of the incident,
and he said something interesting.
What is it?
He had a plastic bag over his head,
so he didn't know where he was,
but he heard a rattling sound
like a compressor and smelled oil.
Compressor and oil…
That sounds like an auto repair shop.
Detective Arashiyama,
you have a visitor again.
THANKS FOR YOUR HARD WORK!
Please have this for lunch.
Thank you for going out of your way, Miho.
I'm very grateful to you, Mr. Arashiyama.
I've decided to move to a town
with better child-rearing support.
Move?
Yes.
Meeting you, Mr. Arashiyama,
has helped me to see life
in a more positive light.
I see.
DATING APP SCAM CASE
INVESTIGATION MATERIALS
Mr. Arashiyama.
What's the matter?
It's so early in the morning.
I was getting ready to move
and found some old pictures of Manami,
so I was gonna send them.
Oh, did something happen
with Manami's case again?
Well, could you open the door?
What happened--
Miho,
there's a warrant out
for your arrest for fraud.
What? What are you…
What? No, I… Ow!
-7:20 a.m. Arrested.
-It hurts.
-He actually arrested her himself.
-Detective Arashiyama is a demon.
W-What's going on?
I showed you the warrant
and explained the charges just now.
I told you, I don't understand any of it!
When we investigated you, we found
multiple reports of marriage fraud.
It was your intention to deceive them,
and you demanded money
after you misled them.
-We have evidence.
-I don't know anything!
We'll question you
at the station. Let's go.
Wait, wait. What about my child?
My baby will die without me.
You'll kill my child.
We'll put the baby in a home,
so don't worry.
I did a lot for Manami's case, didn't I?
-Let me go.
-Okay, get in.
That's a different matter.
We catch criminals no matter what.
No matter what.
Attorney Kujo,
Attorney Karasuma
came here alone the other day.
Attorney Karasuma?
Yes. He scolded me and told me
to stay away if I wanted to protect you.
Is that so?
What?
Are you plotting something
with your lawyer?
Detective Arashiyama, may I help you?
I'm here as a customer.
Fix the scratch on my car.
Hey, Mibu.
There have been a lot
of violent incidents around you.
The assault on the driver
of the escort service, Tonohata.
The assault with a blunt weapon
on the street.
Kanemoto's drowning.
And the murder committed ten years ago
by your younger associate, Inukai.
You were involved
in some way, weren't you?
This auto repair shop has a bad smell.
The stench of death.
I smell the stench of death.
Detective.
If that's the case,
why don't you go somewhere else
to get your car fixed?
We have the right to choose our customers.
Criminals like you don't have any rights.
Attorney Kujo,
don't you hate yourself
for helping such heartless people?
Attorneys don't protect bad people.
We protect the procedure.
The procedure? What do you mean?
I doubt you police officers
would understand,
but we carry out
proper criminal procedures.
Do you consider being
the criminals' lapdog "proper procedure"?
All I'm saying is another attorney
would have to take this case if I didn't.
That doesn't mean
telling criminals to remain silent.
You're supporting crimes.
The Constitution and the Code of Criminal
Procedure guarantee the right to silence.
Study the Constitution
and the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Well, then, Attorney Kujo…
if your daughter
was assaulted and murdered,
could you defend the criminal
the same way?
An attorney's mission is to achieve
social justice and protect human rights.
As a pro, I believe
I should step aside from cases
where my emotions could cloud my judgment.
The police and attorneys
have different roles as professionals,
but we share the same goal.
A peaceful society, right?
The lapdog of anti-social forces
is spouting sophistry.
I'll get you busted along with Mibu,
so you'd better be prepared.
If my daughter was murdered,
I wouldn't want to leave it to the courts.
Aren't they beautiful?
Huh?
The flowers.
Oh, did you buy these, Mom?
Yes. I took a little walk
to the front of the station.
I passed by a flower shop,
and I liked them.
I see.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Omurice?
This is what we always ate
when you needed cheering up.
Do I look like I'm down?
Here, eat up.
Thank you for the food.
It's been a long time
since I've made it. How is it?
It's delicious.
And nostalgic.
Before exams and competitions,
I ate this a lot when I needed a boost.
What happened?
Well, a lot of things.
What kind of things?
By the way, I had the coffee you gave me
with Attorney Kujo the other day.
He said it was delicious.
Really?
I have to go say hi to Attorney Kujo.
It's okay. I'm not a child.
You should eat too.
Okay. But before that…
We had omurice with Dad
before field day, remember?
He was ecstatic
about the parent-child relay race.
Thanks to the omurice,
we came in first place.
Your dad used to say
that omurice is our family's lucky meal.
He said, "I have an important
business trip today."
"So this morning…
I want omurice," he said.
That day…
That was the last time.
Mom?
Mom.
He said he'd be back late.
But I never thought he wouldn't come back.
He's never coming back.
He's gone.
But why?
Why did they write
such an article about your dad?
I was so scared.
But no one helped us.
I didn't want to know anything.
I only wanted your dad that we knew.
You shouldn't remember.
After your dad was gone,
you were the only…
It's okay, Mom.
I made a promise to him!
I'll never do anything
that will make you sad, Mom.
Mom, you said before
that Dad wanted me
to be someone who helps others.
I promise.
So don't worry.
I'll come again.
Shinji,
I want to see Attorney Kujo.
Attorney Kujo?
He's the one making you suffer, right?
It's a promise.
I'm back.
Welcome back.
Attorney Karasuma.
Yes?
This was on the floor.
O-Oh, thank you.
What is that pen?
You don't need to know.
-Is there something special about it?
-There's nothing!
Ms. Yakushimae,
are you slacking off here again?
Speak for yourself, Attorney Karasuma.
Where have you been wandering around?
I stopped by my parents' home.
If it was for your parents, it's okay.
Would you like to take a break
after a bit of work?
Shall I make the coffee
that your mother gave us the other day?
When I told my mother that you said
it was delicious, she was happy.
It was exquisite.
Attorney Kujo,
my mother said she would like to meet you.
Is that so?
She made me promise.
You must keep a promise.
Thank you.
Why don't you take them
to a nice restaurant?
-Like Nomura, a kaiseki restaurant.
-The high-end spot you can't even reserve?
-Yes.
-No, not those expensive restaurants.
No, no, Attorney Karasuma.
Don't hold back.
I'd like to treat you too, as a token
of appreciation for your hard work.
I'm fine.
I don't want to be treated by someone
who's an accomplice to the yakuza.
I don't think the food is to blame.
Right, Attorney Karasuma?
I actually agree with that.
I recently realized something.
A hard-earned beef bowl
tastes a lot better
than a fancy feast bought
with ill-gotten gains.
I'm sure Black Thunder feels the same way.
Attorney Kujo,
why don't we raise our attorney fees?
Why?
Because if we get more money,
we won't have to take on thugs' cases.
Charging 330,000 regardless
of the client is a good thing.
"There are people who are saved by that.
We don't choose our clients." Right?
I've heard that so many times.
I can't change how I do my business.
Greed will be the death of you, you know?
Even so, I think we should
choose our clients.
You've started to speak your mind,
Attorney Karasuma.
But he won't listen to us anyway.
Maybe we should have
your mother scold him.
No, no.
MR. KYOGOKU
Sorry to call you out
to a place like this.
Are you staying at a love hotel?
There are no windows, it smells moldy,
and there's bad energy,
so it's depressing.
Well, I guess since Koyama
was just arrested for fraud,
it can't be helped.
You'll have to put up with it for a while.
But, you know,
what's the deal with Mr. Koyama
being charged with fraud
just because I stayed
at a hotel under his name?
Well, you really saved us
by getting him cut loose in 20 days.
So what can I do for you today?
The young guys collected
the protection money…
and the police framed our boss,
who's serving time as a conspirator.
While he's serving time!
I thought this
was another unreasonable case.
Is this about the boss of Fushimi-gumi?
The police are seriously trying
to take down our gang.
The thing is,
when I told the boss about you,
he became really interested.
Can you visit him and hear him out?
Attorney Kujo, we'll drive you.
-It's okay.
-The underboss told us to.
I came by car, so it's okay.
It seems you have something to say,
Attorney Karasuma.
Please just say it clearly.
So you've made it all the way to the boss.
What are you going to do?
Hello, this is Kujo.
Attorney Kujo.
My name is Yamazaki. I'm from Fusei-kai,
a branch of Fushimi-gumi.
I'm calling because I heard
you represented Mr. Kyogoku.
How can I help you?
One of our members
was arrested for robbery,
so could you help him?
I can't discuss it on the phone.
Come to my office.
Thank you very much.
Attorney Karasuma.
Let's go eat Japan's top takoyaki today
before we head back.
Attorney Kujo,
what do you think about
the current situation?
We should take on cases
that could set meaningful precedents.
But recently, Attorney Kujo,
you're acting like a gofer
for anti-social forces.
A gofer?
Being involved as a legal representative
has given me some insight
into their behaviors.
Insight?
They're the kind of people
who'd easily change their testimony
to protect themselves.
They'll rat you out someday.
I heard Inukai was released.
Yes, someone working security
at a club in Roppongi saw him.
Why hasn't he contacted me?
I overheard some bad rumors about Inukai.
It's been a while.
Yeah.
Your junior Ayabe
took good care of me
in the juvenile prison.
Juvenile prison is tough
without someone's backing.
When you lost Mibu's backing,
it must've been hell.
Yes, it was hell.
You…
must have a grudge against Mibu.
Yes.
I hate him. I was robbed of 10 years
for a measly 3 million.
Don't you have a grudge
against him too, Mr. Sugawara?
I heard…
that your nursing home business
was going well,
but he ruined everything.
Why don't we take
300 million yen from Mibu?
If he's not willing, we'll kill him.
Sounds good.
Attorney Kujo,
please, at least refuse
the Fushimi-gumi boss's case.
If you don't refuse…
then I can't be around you, Attorney Kujo.
Subtitle translation by: Miho Kunisawa